DOC-4381: Add defintions for platform groups (#218) (#222)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Administration.rst

right panel shows information of the selected group and of its members
with the Add Member form.

.. _ExistingGroups:

**Existing Groups**

By default, in eXo Platform there are 4 parent groups: Development, Organzation, Platform and Spaces.

**Development** is a sample group, could be used to organize users.

> **Organization** helps you to organize your company: deparments, teams or any way to represent your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Organization** helps you to organize your company: departments, teams or any way to represent your organization.
```

.. tip:: Notice that these groups i.e. those under Organization group have no specific effects in the product.
         They are just made as a placeholder.

**Platform** helps to define roles in the platform, it contains 4 sub groups:
-  Administration: contains users having administrative roles i.e. who are able to access the Administration menu |imagee354|.

> -  Guests: contains external users to the platform, they have access only to public content of the platform

Reviewer: If I remember, no user is really assigned this group. It’s a membership automatically assigned to non authenticated users and thus, this technical group is mandatory to set permissions on this visible by non authenticated users only (such as pages and content)

> -  Users: contains all the platform users able to connect to the platform

Reviewer: IMO it’s important to explain that this is also a technical group mandatory for authe ticated isers. Users that are not members of isers geoup  will see an http 403 (forbidden) when they try to connect

-  Content Management: contains users who have permissions to add and manage content in the platform

> .. note: Any registred user is automatically added to the platform/users group to be able to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note: Any self- registered  user and account created by Administration > Add users  is automatically added to the platform/users group to be able to connect.
```

Select the Memberships tab. Here, you can manage user roles in a
specific group.

By default, 9 membership types are available in eXo Platform including
Member, Author, Editor, Manager, Redactor, Validator, Webdesigner, Publisher and \*.

|image178|

The membership, such as `manager:/platform/users`, is defined by both membership type (manager, member, author...) 
and a group i.e. it is the combinaison between a group and a membership type to define the user's role in the group.

.. note:: The \* membership is identical to any other type, so choosing this type means adding all available membership types.

**Membership usage in eXo Platform**

> In eXo Platform, the most used memships are `manager`, `member` and `*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In eXo Platform, the most used membership types are `manager`, `member` and `*`.
```

> - The `manager` role to define users with managing privileges

Reviewer: I think it gives space management peivileges but I also thnk manager membership type has something to do with navigation management in the prtal and maybe administrative privileges in community management (to ne verified, I may be wrong)

> - The `member` role to define normal users in a group

Reviewer: maybe worth adding : such as members of a space

Reviewer: members of a group have access to the corresponding group site

- `*` all the roles combined, that means a user with * membership type will have the permissions assigned to all  membership types within this group

Other roles i.e. Author, Editor, Redactor, Validator, Webdesigner and Publisher are mainly used for the 
:ref:`publication process <PublicationProcess>` which could be 
:ref:`customized <PLFDevGuide.DevelopingContent.PublicationLifecycle.CreatingPublicationLifecycle>`.

The most used roles are:

- The `publisher` role defines users allowed to :ref:`publish content <PublishContent>` i.e. they are able to switch
  contents from staged to published status.
  
- The `Author` role defines users able to add and manage content in draft, pending or approved statuses.

Remaining roles could be used when you create your 
:ref:`own publication lifecycle <PLFDevGuide.DevelopingContent.PublicationLifecycle.CreatingPublicationLifecycle>`.

> .. note:: For :ref:`Spaces groups <spacesGroups>`, a user belonging to a space could be either a manager or a member.

Reviewer: I think news is adding more roles in spaces around news publication. @samehaidi ?

          No other memberships used in spaces groups.

>           If you are a manger in a space, this allows you to acces :ref:`the space's settings <Manage-Space-Settings>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          If you are a manger in a space, this allows you to access :ref:`the space's settings <Manage-Space-Settings>`
```
